java c
Module   Code:                                                                                    CMT304
Module   Title:                                                                                     Programming   Paradigms
Assessment   Title:                                                          Analog,   Differentiable   and   Machine   Programming
AssignmentThe attached measurements   .csv file contains   measurements obtained from the   analog   cir-   cuit   below.       It   is   a   csv   file   where   the   first   column   contains   the   time   and   the   second   col-   umn   the   voltage   measurement   at   x   in   the   circuit    (1,   000   datapoints   from   time   0   to   2π).   This circuit consists of analog   computing   components we   used   with   LTSpice   in   the   module   (ic indicates a   non-inverting integrator, + a   summer,   -   an   inverter   and   AB   a   multiplier).   The   data   in the csv file are   noisy voltage   measurements from   this   circuit.    Information   about the   values   a, textttb, and   x0   is   not   available.This   assignment   is   about   analysing   the   data   with   differentiable   programming   techniques   and   some questions about the approach as   given   by   the   tasks   below,   aligned   with   the   contents   of   part   three   of   the   module.    It   is   a   simple   example   to   demonstrate   your   understanding   of   the   programming   paradigms   involved.   There   are   of   course   other   approaches   one   can   use   to   analyse   the   data,   but   this   is   not   asked   for.The example has been kept simple to avoid the   need of   high   computational   resources.   This   should be executable with   reasonable CPU   resources without GPU; you can   of   course   also   use the   Linux   machines   in the COMSC   Linux   lab.Task   1 (worth   40%):   Write   a   python   program   using   differentiable   programming   techniques to approximate the   measurement data   in measurements   .csv with a   parameterised function   fp      :   R   '→   R,   t   →   x.    You   may   use   pytorch,   tensorflow   or   jax   for   this   (or   maybe   a   combi-   nation of these packages; using numpy and matplotlib for supporting functionality   is fine –   any other   packages   are   not   needed;   check with the coursework setter   if   in   doubt).   You   are   free to   choose   any function type   (some   analytical function,   a   代 写CMT304 Analog, Differentiable and Machine ProgrammingPython
代做程序编程语言neural   network,   etc),   but   you   may   want   to   consider   the   circuit   diagram   to   choose   a   suitable   function   and   its   parameterisa-   tion.   Your code can produce the results in any   suitable   format,   on   the   terminal   or   in files   (do   not   submit   these).   You   should   report   these   results   with   Task   2.    Submit   a   single   python   file solving this task.    Assume measurements   .csv   is   in the directory the   python file   is   executed   from.Task   2 (worth   40%):   Justify   the   function   and   the   parameterisation   you   have   used   to   match the   data   and   explain what you   can   learn from this   about   the   circuit   given   your   results   from   Task   1.   Or, if   you   cannot   conclude   anything, explain   why   not.   Write   a   short   report   about   this of   up   to   400 words.Task   3   (worth   20%):    Under   the   assumption   that   the   analysis   program   for   Task      1   needs to   be very   efficient   on   a   CPU,   explain whether the   performance   of   a   particular   part   of your   code   could   be   improved   by   implementing   it   in   assembly   (there   is   no   need to   provide   code,   only   the   concept).    If   you   do   not   see   any   use   for   this,   explain   why   not   instead.    Make   sure you   refer   to   your   specific   code   and   state   any   assumptions   about   the   hardware,   if   applicable;   generic   arguments   are   not   needed.   Write   a   short   report   about   this   of   up   to   400 words.Submit   your   answers   to   Task   2   and   3   in   a   single   PDF   file,   with   clear   headings   indicating   the   task.   The   word   limits   for   Task   2   and   Task   3   are   an   upper   limit,   not   a   target   length.   Text longer   than   the   word   limit   for   each   point   may   be   ignored.
Learning Outcomes Assessed
•    Explain   the   conceptual   foundations, evaluate   and   apply   various   programming   paradigms,   such   as   logic,   functional,   scripting,   filter-based   programming,   pattern   matching   and quantum computing, to solve practical   problems.
•    Discuss   and   contrast   the   issues, features, design   and   concepts   of   a   range   of   program-   ming paradigms and languages to be able to select   a   suitable   programming   paradigm   to solve   a   problem

         
加QQ：99515681  WX：codinghelp  Email: 99515681@qq.com
